# SKIPPER
## Folder Structure

```
├── README.md
├── LICENSE.md
├── INSTALL.md
├── src
│   ├── P1
│   ├── P1_PP_processing.py
│   │       ├── text_preprocessing.py  
│   │        <!-- paragraph level -->
│   │       ├── find_subtitle.py
│   │       │ 	├── paragraph_bayesian.py
│   │       ├── types_pp_processing.py
│   │        <!-- sentence level -->
│   │       │   ├── sentence_bayesian.py
│   │       │   ├── phrase_similarity.py
│   │       ├── children_pp_processing.py
│   │       ├── region_pp_processing.py
│   │       ├── retention_pp_processing.py
│   ├── P2
│   │	├── test_case_execution.py
│   │       ├── echo_spider.py
│   ├── P3
│       ├── behavior_log_process.py
│           ├── noncompliance_check.py
│           ├── utilities.py
├── dataset
│	├── SkillExplorer_log
│	├── training_data
│	    ├── title.csv
│	    ├── personal_type.csv
├── example
│   ├── CHILDREN_example
│   ├── REGIONS_example
│   ├── RETENTION_example
│   ├── TYPES_example
│   ├── pp_example
├── benchmark
│   ├── benchmark_log_type
│   ├── benchmark_log_child
│   ├── benchmark_log_region
│   ├── benchmark_log_retention
└── library
    └── chromedriver

```
***Note:*** This tree includes only main files. 

## Description:

Below we describe each main file in our folder below. The three phases are detailed in Section 4 (Phase 1), Section 5 (Phase 2) and Section 6 (Phase 3). 

### Phase 1 

```P1_PP_processing.py```: Run this file to obtain the full outputs on the console. By default, the privacy policy results generated based on the ```pp_example``` folder will be printed. 

<!-- paragraph_level: Steps to process the privacy policy in paragraphs -->
```text_preprocessing.py```: Preprocess the text of the privacy policy document, such as part of speech (POS) normalization, stemming and deleting stop words.

```find_subtitle.py```: Detect subtitle tags in the privacy policy document. Please refer to ```find_subtitle.md``` for details on how to use it.

```paragraph_bayesian.py```: Train a paragraph-level Bayesian classifier. Please refer to ```paragraph_bayesian.md``` for details on how to use it.

```get_text.py```: Write the text of the corresponding paragraph to the corresponding TXT file. Please refer to ```get_text.md``` for details on how to use it.

```types_pp_processing.py```: Process the data-type paragraph and get a matrix containing 0 and 1. 0 stands for the data type not being collected, while 1 stands for being collected. Please refer to ```type_pp_processing.md``` for details on how to use it.

<!-- sentence_level:Steps to process the privacy policy in sentence -->
```sentence_bayesian.py```: Train a sentence-level Bayesian classifier.

```phrase_similarity.py```: Algorithm 1 in the paper, which compares the similarity of two phrases. Please refer to ```phrase_similarity.md``` for details on how to use it.

<!-- processing of other paragraphs (children, region, retention) -->
```children_pp_processing.py```: Process CHILDREN paragraphs. It prints the [category vector] of CHILDREN policy.

```region_pp_processing.py```: Process REGION paragraphs and check whether they refer to special policies for California region.

```retention_pp_processing.py```: Process RETENTION paragraphs and find the data retention period.

<!-- txt file description -->
Those TXT files in the txt folder are intermediate results generated after parsing each paragraph in a privacy policy, for example,   
```data_types.txt``` ---> types paragraph  
```children.txt``` ---> children paragraph  
```region.txt``` ---> region paragraph  
```data_retention.txt``` ---> retention paragraph  

***Notice:*** Each of these TXT file holds only one paragraph of the privacy policy at a time, which means that when we start parsing a new privacy policy, the entire TXT file will be cleared (use ```txt_clean.py```).

<!-- csv file description -->
CSV files located in ```dataset/training_data``` are mainly used to train classifiers. They include samples that we manually annotated.   
```title.csv``` ---> used by ```paragraph_bayesian.py``` for paragraph-level training  
```personal_type.csv``` ---> used by ```sentence_bayesian.py``` for sentence-level training  

<!-- pp_example -->
The ```*_example``` folds in ```/dataset``` include some examples of privacy policy documents.  


### Phase 2

```test_case_execution.py```: Send test cases to Alexa simulator and obtain skill execution logs. It takes as input the logs generated by a SkillExplorer-based tester (https://vitas000.github.io/tool/) (see examples in /dataset/SkillExplorer_log), 
feeds test cases and outputs the behavior logs. 

* usage: test_case_execution.py [-h] [--t T] [--c C] [--r R]  
	enter the CATEGORY of test cases you want to send  
    optional arguments:  
        -h, --help  show this help message and exit  
        --t T       execute test cases in TYPE category  
        --c C       execute test cases in CHILDREN category  
        --r R       execute test cases in REGIONS category  

```echo_spider.py```: Interact with Alexa simulator

```SkillExplorer_example_log.xlsx```: Contain the name of SkillExplorer_example_log (see examples in /dataset/SkillExplorer_log_example)

```/example/SkillExplorer_log```: Contain the raw conversation logs with Alexa skills that are generated from a SkillExplorer-based tester (https://vitas000.github.io/tool/)

```cookies```: This folder will be automatically created if ```cookies``` path is not existed. It is used to save cookies required by Alex developer console. To obtain this cookie, please register a developer test account from https://developer.amazon.com. For simplicity, we leave our test account in line 314 of ```test_case_execution.py```. Please replace it with yours if you have one.   
(Note: you need to manully delete ```/cookies/console_cookie7.pkl``` file before generate new cookies)

```/library/chromedriver```: A webdriver that can launch chrome browser

### Phase 3 

```behavior_log_process.py```: Derive behavioral profiles from behavior logs and automatically check violations. 
* input: behavior logs (see examples in /dataset/TYPES_example/behavior_logs), PP processing results (see examples in /dataset/TYPES_example/pp_process_results)
* output: violations cases
* usage: behavior_log_process.py [-h] [--t T] [--c C] [--region REGION] [--retention RETENTION]
	enter the CATEGORY of violation cases you want to check  
	optional arguments:  
        -h, --help            show this help message and exit  
        --t T                 check violations in TYPE category (V1)  
        --c C                 check violations in CHILDREN category (V2)  
        --region REGION       check violations in REGIONS category (V3)  
        --retention RETENTION   check violations in RETENTION category (V4)  

```noncompliance_check.py```: Invoked by ```behavior_log_process.py``` to check violations V1 to V4. 

age_keywords.txt, birthday_keywords.txt, email_keywords.txt, location_keywords.txt, phoneno_keywords.txt, postcode_keywords.txt: Contain the keywords list for corresponding data types

```test_cases.txt```: Contain the test cases.
(Note: all the test cases have been anonymized for the double-blind review.)

```Alexa_response_pattern.txt```: Contain Alexa's common response pattern

CHILDREN_example,
REGIONS_example,
RETENTION_example, 
TYPES_example: Contain corresponding sample behavior logs and sample PP processed results

## Benchmark 
```benchmark```: this folder includes data to reproduce the results in Table 7 in the paper.
To run the experiments, uncomment the path in line 199, 200, 234, 239, 244 in ```behavior_log_process.py```.
